# Intelligent-Combination-of-Approaches-Towards-Improved-Bangla-Text-Summarization-Dataset

This repository contains the dataset of the following paper: <br />
IEEE Xplore Link: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10200846

ResearchGate Link: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/373294869_Intelligent_Combination_of_Approaches_Towards_Improved_Bangla_Text_Summarization

# Overview
Some passages are collected manually from online news portals and some are collected by web scrapping from online newspaper websites. Then the preprocessed the documents manually and examined the line number of the documents. The standard form have been maintained that if the document's line no is minimum 10 or more. As well as the category also have been checked . ’”’,’|’,’/’, blank space, etc unwanted characters are removed from the  collected passages. We have checked the uniqueness of passages whether it is not used in more than one document and also if the passages are relevant to the categories or not, is inspected. Some summaries are generated manually and some are generated by using our own made desktop app using the python tkInter interface which can generate human-made summaries very fast and accurately. We have checked the passages and summaries manually that if it contains the central idea of the source
document. We have used a code to check whether the summary fulfills 40% of the source document or not.

# Dataset

There are 8 classes in the dataset. 
Those are: 
1. Accident
2. Bangladesh
3. Crime
4. Economics
5. Entertainment
6. International
7. Politics
8. Sports

#Human generated summaries by using tools(python tkInter interface)

